dinosaurs will never enjoy the simple
pleasures that modern life has to offer
like putting on clothes straight from
the tumble dryer why because they're all
dead
that's why how did that happen about 65
million years ago dinosaurs cease to
exist scientists have been trying to
work out why for years we'll start with
some of their lesser-known theories
first some say that dinosaurs became
physical Rex global warming and an
increase in ultraviolet light may have
caused blindness due to cataracts
leaving them vulnerable to falling off
books or slipped discs and arthritis may
have rendered them incapable of foraging
let alone mating or physical problems
can account for a few species over time
but not a mass extinction
another theory blames competition for
dinosaur food checked by it states that
hungry insects with caterpillar larva
multiplied so quickly that by the end of
the Cretaceous there was nothing left
for the dinosaurs and once the
herbivores had died the Predators
quickly followed sounds unlikely cue
next preposterous theory some scientists
think that 150 million years ago herds
of animals like these parted so much
meaning it caused global warming and for
goodness sake we know what really killed
him it was either an asteroid hitting
the planet with a force of a billion
atomic bombs or a massive amount of
volcanic activity called the Deccan
Traps in India or both both would have
filled the atmosphere with dust and
poisonous gas lower temperatures lack of
sunlight and acid rain would have caused
plants to die and dinosaurs to starve
it's a shame really if only it had
happened like this if you have any
theories to explain the death of the
dinosaurs we'd love to see them in the
comments below